# CSS-Animations

This repo has the contents of Creative CSS Animations, Transitions And Transforms Course by Ahmed Sadek. This repo doens't contain the exact same code taught by Ahmed.

For explanation, search udemy the course.

## Transpiling Source Codes
Currently it has all .html.erb codes. Which is embedded Ruby. It's written in ruby to simplify some stuff. Although most of the times it uses plain good old HTML.

Keep the transpiler2.rb running you are working, it will do all the work for you.

Transpilation from embedded ruby to html can be done by running the transpiler2.rb. The transpiler2.rb does the following:

+ The transpiler2.rb It watches for file changes and write the recently modified .html.erb file to index.html (the same directory as the transpiler2.rb). It ensures you not to click on codes and switch tabs in the browser. You just open the index.html to render the current file in the browser.

+ Runs WEBrick server to make the index.html available to http://localhost:8080. If your browser watches for file changes (like falkon browser), open the index.html instead. So that you can create / modify a file and get it rendered on falkon automatically. 

## Don't Read the index.html
The index.html has stripped indented codes generated by transpiler2.rb. Don't get confused with the stripped codes, The purpose is to make it smaller without actually minifying it.

The first lines of index.html contains the directory of the original erb source code, go ahead and read it instead of trying to understand index.html.
